---
title: 914
date: 2022-09-14 00:32:28
tags:
---
### words
- carpet cabinet curtain lamp shorts skateboarding couch bucket lunchtime catastrophe bureau counter enormous thrive corridor previous crystallize culminate luxury luxuriant haze impede slumber abide profession receive spasm dictate coach French France February teenagers shampoo dorm
- semester workbook instruction toast brunch yogurt omelet chef sauce salmon steak cream roof armchair shut garage gauze replenishment hurdle hazardous stout leopard
- nervous hypnotic vary variation herbal abundance solidary quiz hobby bacteria bacterium concession rental tutor
- tootharch purple ankle band-aid bemoan perpetuate accelerate beneficial contingency venture prolonged realistic miserly comparison benevolent magnitude
- adept turret intensify monotonous individual tremendous sanction adequate infant democracy bureaucracy skateboard badminton chick recipe foggy awful crocodile extrusion excavate cardiovascular 
- sleek devastating equivalent tolerate tolerant destiny a series of
- pencil case crayon
### sentences
- They will be late because their flight is delayed.
- They are going to hold the fashion show in another city.
- What will you do when this semester is over?
- Teenagers can have part-time jobs.
- where is the dining hall?
- Why is the electricity so expensive this month?
- This house was sold to us by its owner
- They are happy to spend time together
- Could we borrow this board game instead?
- You are wrong, they're still have a party.
- How may i help you?
- She is busy at the moment
- Never mind, i can leave a message.
- No problem,all the best.
- It is nice to hear from you.
- Great, talk to you soon.
- Thanks Lisa,all the best to you and your family.
- How was your day?
- She stole my purse,and then she ran away.
- Pens are at the top of the list