---
title: note_0902
date: 2022-09-02 10:51:06
tags:
---
### words
- constant inconstantly frankly perspective performance pattern remix endorses edge

### mode
- I was born in 1982.When i was 16 years old,i thought the world would been better along time forward.Although my hometown had the historical big flood in the summer of 1997,and the flood came again in the 1998.I was go to university in 2001,i remembered the yellow dust on ground and high temperature under sun forever.One day when we rest in the shadow of dormitory building, our neighborhood arrange booming congratulate,maybe the day is September 11th or 12th, i didn't understand why until ten years later.When i graduated enter real society i thought future fulfill hope and surprise.
- When i thirty years old,i found the world maybe not as easy as i thought.But everyone still have faith that sweat and hands can earn a better life.When i was thirty five years old,the Hongkong was dying,a dangerous sign was floating in the sky.I made a decision for my parents drop the single life.Now i have own family ,a wife and two boys,but the world became worse not only covid and war,the divide from different regions and stratums.
- I can do and i want to do is effort work for my family.
- Don't ignore your dream; Don't work too much; Say what your think; Cultivate friendships; Be happy;
- Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
- I don't want to see views alone when i grow old,i only enjoy with my lovers.
- That restaurant is always busy on wednesdays.
- How is your son?
- 

### code debug
- 1. console.log() output code log; 2. breakpoint

### article
- Five senses in fall
- The air has gotten cooler.Leaves are turning bright colors and falling to the ground.Fall is here! These are the ways we experience the season.
- Seeing.
 - Look up.Colorful leaves are above you.Now look at the ground.You might find acorns.You might find ladybugs.
- Hearing.
 - Listen.The wind whistle through the trees.Leaves rustle and crunch under your feet.At night, an owl hoots.   
- Tasting
 - Fall is apple season.You can pick apples at an orchard.They are crunchy.Apples can be sweet or tart.
- Felling
 - It is chilly outside but warm inside.Time to make a jack-o-lantern for Halloween.The inside of the pumpkin is gooey to the touch. 
- Smelling
 - The air is crisp.Smoke from a chimney floats in the air.Inside,people are baking.The smell of butter and spices fills the house.
 - People like to read list, if you don't know  to write what,you can write a list.
 - 

### article words
- experience acorns whistle rustle crunch hoot orchard crunchy tart chilly gooey jack-o-lantern Halloween crisp chimney
- weep